235.go failed
64bit.go failed
alias1.go failed
append.go failed
args.go failed
atomicload.go failed
bench/garbage/peano.go failed
bigalg.go failed
bigmap.go failed
blank.go failed
bom.go failed
chan/doubleselect.go failed
chan/fifo.go failed
chan/goroutines.go failed
chan/nonblock.go failed
chan/powser1.go failed
chan/powser2.go failed
chan/select.go failed
chan/select2.go failed
chan/select3.go failed
chan/select4.go failed
chan/select5.go failed
chan/select6.go failed
chan/select7.go failed
chan/sendstmt.go failed
chan/sieve1.go failed
chan/sieve2.go failed
chan/zerosize.go failed
chancap.go failed
chanlinear.go failed
char_lit.go failed
clearfat.go failed
closedchan.go failed
closure.go failed
closure1.go ok
closure2.go failed
cmp.go failed
cmplxdivide.go failed
complit.go failed
compos.go failed
const.go failed
const3.go failed
const4.go failed
convT2X.go failed
convert.go failed
copy.go failed
crlf.go failed
ddd.go failed
ddd2.go failed
decl.go failed
defer.go failed
deferfin.go failed
divide.go failed
divmod.go ok
dwarf/dwarf.go failed
dwarf/linedirectives.go ok
env.go failed
escape.go failed
escape3.go failed
finprofiled.go failed
finprofiled.go failed
fixedbugs/bug000.go ok
fixedbugs/bug002.go ok
fixedbugs/bug003.go ok
fixedbugs/bug004.go ok
fixedbugs/bug005.go failed
fixedbugs/bug006.go failed
fixedbugs/bug007.go ok
fixedbugs/bug008.go ok
fixedbugs/bug009.go ok
fixedbugs/bug010.go ok
fixedbugs/bug011.go ok
fixedbugs/bug012.go failed
fixedbugs/bug013.go ok
fixedbugs/bug017.go ok
fixedbugs/bug021.go ok
fixedbugs/bug023.go ok
fixedbugs/bug024.go ok
fixedbugs/bug026.go failed
fixedbugs/bug027.go failed
fixedbugs/bug028.go ok
fixedbugs/bug031.go failed
fixedbugs/bug045.go failed
fixedbugs/bug047.go failed
fixedbugs/bug048.go failed
fixedbugs/bug052.go failed
fixedbugs/bug053.go ok
fixedbugs/bug054.go failed
fixedbugs/bug055.go failed
fixedbugs/bug056.go ok
fixedbugs/bug058.go failed
fixedbugs/bug059.go failed
fixedbugs/bug060.go failed
fixedbugs/bug061.go ok
fixedbugs/bug065.go ok
fixedbugs/bug067.go failed
fixedbugs/bug070.go failed
fixedbugs/bug075.go failed
fixedbugs/bug078.go failed
fixedbugs/bug082.go ok
fixedbugs/bug084.go failed
fixedbugs/bug092.go ok
fixedbugs/bug093.go ok
fixedbugs/bug097.go failed
fixedbugs/bug099.go failed
fixedbugs/bug101.go failed
fixedbugs/bug102.go failed
fixedbugs/bug111.go failed
fixedbugs/bug113.go failed
fixedbugs/bug114.go ok
fixedbugs/bug116.go failed
fixedbugs/bug119.go failed
fixedbugs/bug120.go failed
fixedbugs/bug128.go ok
fixedbugs/bug130.go failed
fixedbugs/bug141.go failed
fixedbugs/bug142.go ok
fixedbugs/bug147.go failed
fixedbugs/bug148.go failed
fixedbugs/bug1515.go ok
fixedbugs/bug152.go failed
fixedbugs/bug154.go failed
fixedbugs/bug159.go failed
fixedbugs/bug160.go failed
fixedbugs/bug168.go ok
fixedbugs/bug177.go failed
fixedbugs/bug178.go failed
fixedbugs/bug180.go ok
fixedbugs/bug184.go failed
fixedbugs/bug185.go ok
fixedbugs/bug187.go failed
fixedbugs/bug191.go failed
fixedbugs/bug194.go failed
fixedbugs/bug196.go failed
fixedbugs/bug199.go failed
fixedbugs/bug201.go failed
fixedbugs/bug202.go failed
fixedbugs/bug203.go ok
fixedbugs/bug204.go failed
fixedbugs/bug207.go failed
fixedbugs/bug221.go failed
fixedbugs/bug225.go failed
fixedbugs/bug227.go failed
fixedbugs/bug230.go failed
fixedbugs/bug234.go failed
fixedbugs/bug236.go failed
fixedbugs/bug237.go failed
fixedbugs/bug242.go failed
fixedbugs/bug243.go failed
fixedbugs/bug244.go failed
fixedbugs/bug246.go failed
fixedbugs/bug247.go failed
fixedbugs/bug248.go failed
fixedbugs/bug253.go failed
fixedbugs/bug254.go failed
fixedbugs/bug257.go failed
fixedbugs/bug258.go failed
fixedbugs/bug259.go failed
fixedbugs/bug260.go failed
fixedbugs/bug261.go failed
fixedbugs/bug262.go failed
fixedbugs/bug263.go failed
fixedbugs/bug264.go failed
fixedbugs/bug265.go failed
fixedbugs/bug266.go failed
fixedbugs/bug269.go failed
fixedbugs/bug271.go failed
fixedbugs/bug272.go failed
fixedbugs/bug273.go failed
fixedbugs/bug276.go ok
fixedbugs/bug279.go failed
fixedbugs/bug281.go failed
fixedbugs/bug285.go failed
fixedbugs/bug286.go failed
fixedbugs/bug290.go failed
fixedbugs/bug291.go failed
fixedbugs/bug292.go failed
fixedbugs/bug293.go failed
fixedbugs/bug294.go failed
fixedbugs/bug295.go failed
fixedbugs/bug296.go failed
fixedbugs/bug302.go failed
fixedbugs/bug303.go failed
fixedbugs/bug311.go failed
fixedbugs/bug312.go failed
fixedbugs/bug314.go failed
fixedbugs/bug317.go failed
fixedbugs/bug320.go failed
fixedbugs/bug321.go failed
fixedbugs/bug322.go failed
fixedbugs/bug324.go failed
fixedbugs/bug327.go failed
fixedbugs/bug329.go failed
fixedbugs/bug331.go failed
fixedbugs/bug333.go failed
fixedbugs/bug336.go failed
fixedbugs/bug339.go failed
fixedbugs/bug341.go ok
fixedbugs/bug343.go failed
fixedbugs/bug345.go failed
fixedbugs/bug346.go failed
fixedbugs/bug347.go failed
fixedbugs/bug348.go failed
fixedbugs/bug352.go failed
fixedbugs/bug355.go failed
fixedbugs/bug356.go ok
fixedbugs/bug364.go failed
fixedbugs/bug366.go failed
fixedbugs/bug367.go failed
fixedbugs/bug368.go ok
fixedbugs/bug369.go failed
fixedbugs/bug370.go failed
fixedbugs/bug372.go ok
fixedbugs/bug375.go failed
fixedbugs/bug378.go failed
fixedbugs/bug401.go failed
fixedbugs/bug402.go failed
fixedbugs/bug405.go ok
fixedbugs/bug406.go failed
fixedbugs/bug414.go failed
fixedbugs/bug423.go failed
fixedbugs/bug424.go failed
fixedbugs/bug428.go failed
fixedbugs/bug429_run.go failed
fixedbugs/bug433.go failed
fixedbugs/bug434.go failed
fixedbugs/bug436.go failed
fixedbugs/bug437.go failed
fixedbugs/bug440_32.go ok
fixedbugs/bug440_64.go ok
fixedbugs/bug441.go failed
fixedbugs/bug442.go failed
fixedbugs/bug444.go failed
fixedbugs/bug446.go failed
fixedbugs/bug447.go failed
fixedbugs/bug449.go failed
fixedbugs/bug449.go failed
fixedbugs/bug450.go failed
fixedbugs/bug452.go ok
fixedbugs/bug453.go failed
fixedbugs/bug454.go failed
fixedbugs/bug455.go failed
fixedbugs/bug456.go failed
fixedbugs/bug457.go failed
fixedbugs/bug461.go failed
fixedbugs/bug465.go failed
fixedbugs/bug466.go failed
fixedbugs/bug468.go failed
fixedbugs/bug470.go failed
fixedbugs/bug472.go failed
fixedbugs/bug473.go failed
fixedbugs/bug474.go failed
fixedbugs/bug479.go failed
fixedbugs/bug483.go failed
fixedbugs/bug484.go failed
fixedbugs/bug485.go failed
fixedbugs/bug491.go failed
fixedbugs/bug492.go failed
fixedbugs/bug494.go failed
fixedbugs/bug497.go failed
fixedbugs/gcc61258.go failed
fixedbugs/gcc65755.go failed
fixedbugs/issue10135.go failed
fixedbugs/issue10253.go failed
fixedbugs/issue10320.go ok
fixedbugs/issue10332.go failed
fixedbugs/issue10353.go failed
fixedbugs/issue10407.go ok
fixedbugs/issue10486.go failed
fixedbugs/issue10607.go failed
fixedbugs/issue10925.go failed
fixedbugs/issue11053.go failed
fixedbugs/issue11256.go failed
fixedbugs/issue11286.go failed
fixedbugs/issue11326b.go failed
fixedbugs/issue11369.go ok
fixedbugs/issue11656.go failed
fixedbugs/issue11771.go failed
fixedbugs/issue11987.go failed
fixedbugs/issue12108.go failed
fixedbugs/issue12133.go failed
fixedbugs/issue12226.go ok
fixedbugs/issue12411.go ok
fixedbugs/issue12577.go failed
fixedbugs/issue1304.go failed
fixedbugs/issue13160.go failed
fixedbugs/issue13169.go failed
fixedbugs/issue13171.go failed
fixedbugs/issue13268.go failed
fixedbugs/issue13684.go failed
fixedbugs/issue13777.go failed
fixedbugs/issue14553.go failed
fixedbugs/issue14591.go failed
fixedbugs/issue14636.go failed
fixedbugs/issue14646.go failed
fixedbugs/issue14651.go failed
fixedbugs/issue14725.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15002.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15039.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15039.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15042.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15071.dir/main.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15175.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15252.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15277.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15281.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15329.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15439.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15646.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15902.go failed
fixedbugs/issue15975.go failed
fixedbugs/issue16016.go failed
fixedbugs/issue16037_run.go failed
fixedbugs/issue16095.go failed
fixedbugs/issue16130.go failed
fixedbugs/issue16249.go failed
fixedbugs/issue16515.go failed
fixedbugs/issue2615.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4066.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4085b.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4167.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4252.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4313.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4316.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4353.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4388.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4396a.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4396b.go ok
fixedbugs/issue4448.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4495.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4518.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4562.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4585.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4590.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4618.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4620.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4667.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4748.go ok
fixedbugs/issue4752.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4785.go failed
fixedbugs/issue4964.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5056.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5105.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5162.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5162.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5244.go ok
fixedbugs/issue5260.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5291.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5373.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5493.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5515.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5607.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5704.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5753.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5793.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5809.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5820.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5856.go failed
fixedbugs/issue5963.go failed
fixedbugs/issue6055.go failed
fixedbugs/issue6269.go failed
fixedbugs/issue6789.go failed
fixedbugs/issue6866.go ok
fixedbugs/issue6902.go failed
fixedbugs/issue7044.go failed
fixedbugs/issue7050.go failed
fixedbugs/issue7083.go failed
fixedbugs/issue7316.go failed
fixedbugs/issue7419.go failed
fixedbugs/issue7550.go failed
fixedbugs/issue7690.go failed
fixedbugs/issue7740.go failed
fixedbugs/issue7863.go failed
fixedbugs/issue7867.go failed
fixedbugs/issue7944.go failed
fixedbugs/issue7995.go failed
fixedbugs/issue7995b.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8004.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8011.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8036.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8039.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8047.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8047b.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8048.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8132.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8139.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8155.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8158.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8325.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8336.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8347.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8613.go ok
fixedbugs/issue8620.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8947.go failed
fixedbugs/issue8961.go failed
fixedbugs/issue9006.go failed
fixedbugs/issue9110.go failed
fixedbugs/issue9321.go failed
fixedbugs/issue9355.go failed
fixedbugs/issue9537.go failed
fixedbugs/issue9604.go failed
fixedbugs/issue9604b.go failed
fixedbugs/issue9608.go failed
fixedbugs/issue9691.go failed
fixedbugs/issue9738.go failed
fixedbugs/issue9862_run.go failed
float_lit.go failed
float_lit2.go failed
floatcmp.go failed
for.go ok
func.go ok
func5.go failed
func6.go ok
func7.go ok
func8.go failed
gc.go failed
gc1.go failed
gc2.go failed
gcstring.go failed
heapsampling.go failed
if.go failed
index.go failed
index0.go failed
indirect.go failed
init1.go failed
initcomma.go failed
initialize.go failed
int_lit.go failed
intcvt.go failed
interface/bigdata.go failed
interface/convert.go failed
interface/convert1.go failed
interface/convert2.go failed
interface/embed.go failed
interface/embed1.go failed
interface/fail.go failed
interface/fake.go failed
interface/noeq.go failed
interface/receiver.go failed
interface/returntype.go ok
interface/struct.go failed
iota.go failed
ken/array.go failed
ken/chan.go failed
ken/chan.go failed
ken/chan.go failed
ken/chan1.go failed
ken/complit.go failed
ken/convert.go failed
ken/cplx1.go failed
ken/cplx2.go failed
ken/cplx3.go failed
ken/cplx4.go failed
ken/cplx5.go failed
ken/divconst.go failed
ken/divmod.go failed
ken/embed.go failed
ken/embed.go failed
ken/for.go ok
ken/interbasic.go failed
ken/interfun.go failed
ken/intervar.go failed
ken/label.go failed
ken/litfun.go ok
ken/mfunc.go ok
ken/modconst.go failed
ken/ptrfun.go failed
ken/ptrvar.go failed
ken/range.go failed
ken/rob1.go failed
ken/rob2.go failed
ken/robfor.go ok
ken/robfunc.go failed
ken/shift.go failed
ken/simparray.go failed
ken/simpbool.go ok
ken/simpconv.go failed
ken/simpfun.go ok
ken/simpswitch.go failed
ken/simpvar.go failed
ken/slicearray.go failed
ken/sliceslice.go failed
ken/strvar.go failed
linkmain_run.go failed
linkobj.go failed
linkx_run.go failed
literal.go failed
mallocfin.go failed
map.go failed
maplinear.go failed
method.go failed
method3.go failed
method4.go failed
method5.go failed
named.go failed
nil.go failed
nilptr.go failed
nilptr2.go failed
nosplit.go failed
peano.go failed
range.go failed
recover.go failed
recover1.go failed
recover2.go failed
recover3.go failed
recover4.go failed
reflectmethod1.go failed
reflectmethod2.go failed
reflectmethod3.go failed
reflectmethod4.go failed
rename.go failed
reorder.go failed
reorder2.go failed
rotate0.go failed
rotate1.go failed
rotate2.go failed
rotate3.go failed
run.go failed
run.go failed
run.go failed
simassign.go failed
sinit_run.go failed
sizeof.go failed
slice3.go failed
slicecap.go failed
stack.go failed
strength.go failed
string_lit.go failed
stringrange.go failed
struct0.go failed
switch.go failed
tinyfin.go failed
turing.go failed
typeswitch.go failed
typeswitch1.go failed
uintptrescapes.go failed
utf.go failed
varinit.go failed
zerodivide.go failed
